So we've got our blog page all in place now.
So let's make it look a little bit more like the finished project by adding this C S S.
So we need to answer a divide image blog the blog title for each post will also be out in the outline
for each of the individual posts under the sidebar.
I will also be margins and paddings to make it look a little bit better.
So let's get started with the blog post title.
We need to make that look a little bit better and also the image just below.
So the way we do that if we look at each individual post the level to head in as a class of blog post
title.
So let's head over to our CSA section.
So let's start with our blog section.
Just blow the keep in touch section.
So copy the comment.
And paste it in and we'll call this the blog section.
So we'll start with the blog post title.
So to get the background image just below the level to head home you can add the background.
You are old.
And then in brackets you can put the path to a were divider purple that we've used in the index page.
So we use dot dot.
The man in the images folder we shove the divider purple dot PRNG and then to set the position.
Let's centre.
I move the side bar.
And set the image to be no repeat.
So let's take a look at that.
So we've got an image now but it's spreading the full width of the level to head in.
So we need to change the positioning.
So first of all we'll set the height.
To be 80 pixels.
And this is the height of the full day.
So next we can set the size of the image on the can do this in background size.
So set the background size to be three hundred pixels wide and 40 pixels high.
Take a look.
So it's looking a little bit better but it's still oval up in the text.
So let's move the background position.
So first of all we'll set the exposition to be Centre.
And then the Y will set up to 35 pixels.
Now I should push the image down a little bit.
Got to know the images clear of the level to head in.
So next I'm going to add a little bit a margin on the bottom of the div just to push the text away.
Also at the margin bottom.
Or 30 pixels.
And then next letters are the outline to the post.
So look at the finished website.
Each individual blog post has got the one pixel outline with the rounded corners.
So let's do it now.
So if we take a look back in the blog dot HMO you can see that each individual blog post has a class
of blog post.
So let's copy it up.
And paste it in.
So first of all up the border.
And that's going to be one pixel.
Solid line.
And the colour is going to be foreknown while 6 4 6.
And it's get the wrong corners.
Let's add the border radius.
Of 10 pixels.
And then next we'll add some margin.
So to make sure that the blog posts have some space in on the top and bottom we can add a margin of
30 pixels on the top and bottom and zero on the left and right.
And then a little bit apart in just inside the div of 20 pixels.
Let's see how it's look.
So it's looking a lot better now.
So next move on to the side bar.
I will make these sidebar modules look a little bit more like the blog posts.
So first of all let's copy the comment.
This could be the blog sidebar.
So to style the sidebar we can use the class of side bar module.
Because going to be using the same style of border that were just used in the blog post we can just
copy our CNS.
Paiste I know.
And let's take a look.
There we go.
So now the sidebar modules now match the stylin of the blog posts.
I'm not evillest video funks watchin and I'll see in the next video where we'll be creating the above
was page.